.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH LCDTEST 1 "October 1, 2005"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
lcdtest \- a utility to display LCD monitor test patterns
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcdtest
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B lcdtest
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBlcdtest\fP is a program that may be useful for adjusting the pixel clock 
frequency and phase on LCD monitors when using analog inputs, and for finding 
pixels that are stuck on or off. lctest uses the SDL library
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
get list of command keys.
.TP
.B \-\-list\-modes
list available video resolutions
.TP
.B \-\-window
display in a window rather than full screen.
.TP
.B \-x <count> 
use a video mode with the specified horizontal resolution
.TP
.B \-y <count>
use a video mode with the specified vertical resolution
.SH AUTHOR
lcdtest was written by Eric Smith <eric@brouhaha.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Valerio Felici <valerio@bgweb.it>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
